W-15045252 apig terms for draft profiles bsj (#228)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/api-gov-concepts.adoc

// end::governance-profiles[]

// tag::gov-active-profiles[]

[[gov-active-profiles]]
active profiles::
APIs targeted by active profiles are governed APIs and their conformance information is shown in integrating Anypoint Platform products.

// end::gov-active-profiles[]

// tag::gov-draft-profiles[]

[[gov-draft-profiles]]
draft profiles::

> Use draft profiles to test settings before revealing their targeted APIs' conformance information across Anypoint Platform. APIs targeted by draft profiles are governed APIs but their conformance information is not shown in integrating Anypoint Platform products.

Reviewer: Maybe switch order of the sentences to maintain parallelism?

Author: I added a line "Use active profiles to ..." to make them parallel, since that puts the most important information from a usability perspective first. Please see what you think.

Reviewer: That works. I was just thinking that most(?) of the glossary entries are "definition first" then usage.

[[governed-apis]]
governed APIs::

> APIs are governed if they're identified by the selection criteria of at least one governance profile. If an API is governed, all versions of that API are considered one governed API. Subscription limits are set based on your organization's purchased capacity. The UI gives information about usage and alerts when you near or exceed your subscription capacity. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
APIs are governed if they're identified by the selection criteria of at least one governance profile. If an API is governed, all versions of that API are considered one governed API. Subscription limits are set based on your organization's purchased capacity. The UI gives information about usage and shows alerts when you near or exceed your subscription capacity. 
```

Reviewer 2: ? Ignore if it doesn't make sense.

> APIs are governed if they are identified by the selection criteria of at least one governance profile. If an API is governed, all versions of that API are considered one governed API. Subscription limits are set based on your organization's purchased capacity and the UI gives information about usage and alerts when you are nearing or exceeding your subscription capacity. 

Reviewer: Any way to make more active?

Author: The term "governed APIs" is tied to usage aka billing, so I prefer to keep that use of the word here. It would also overcomplicate the definition to try to make it completely active.

Reviewer: OK, but there are other instances of passive voice in this bit.

> APIs are governed if they are identified by the selection criteria of at least one governance profile. If an API is governed, all versions of that API are considered one governed API. Subscription limits are set based on your organization's purchased capacity and the UI gives information about usage and alerts when you are nearing or exceeding your subscription capacity. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
APIs are governed if they're identified by the selection criteria of at least one governance profile. If an API is governed, all versions of that API are considered one governed API. Subscription limits are set based on your organization's purchased capacity. The UI gives information about usage and alerts when you near or exceed your subscription capacity. 
```
